docs(devops): add instructions for additional workflow (#37679)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/devops.md

Here are some additional steps that need to be followed by a freeCodeCamp.org Staff developer. To prevent any accidental pushes we have a couple of manual approval steps configured on the pipelines.

Once a build artifact is ready on the `production-current` branch, it will trigger a release on the release pipeline.

> Next, freeCodeCamp.org developer staff team will receive an email. They can either *approve* or *reject* the release. Approval or rejection depends, if changes were nicely working and tested on the staging application. Each approval lasts only for 4 hours to avoid queuing up. Post the limit it gets auto rejected, wherein a staff will re-trigger the release pipeline manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the freeCodeCamp.org developer staff team will receive an email. They can either *approve* or *reject* the release. If the changes are working nicely and have been tested on the staging application, then it can be approved. This must happen within 4 hours of the release being triggered or it will automatically get rejected.  If this happens a staff member will need to re-trigger the release pipeline manually.
```

Reviewer: Sorry if this is a little premature.  I realise it's still in draft.

Author: Well, this PR is mostly targeting the VM provisioning etc, and it will be a while before I can get back to it. It would be awesome if you could make a PR with the suggested changes ?

Reviewer: Sure thing.

Reviewer: Weird, I can't dismiss my review.

Author: Probably because its draft. IDK either.
